editorial: Clarify DependencyLevels, SlsaResult, and quote level keys. (#988)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/spec/v1.0/verification_summary.md

>
> Map from [SlsaResult] to the number of the artifact's _transitive_ dependencies
> that were verified at the indicated level. Absence of a given level of

> > [SlsaResult] MUST be interpreted as reporting _0_ dependencies at that level,
> > e.g. an empty `dependencyLevels` object means that the artifact has **no**
> > dependency at all (vs. a non-present, i.e. "null", `dependencyLevels` means
> > that the verifier does not disclose the dependency stats).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [SlsaResult] MUST be interpreted as reporting _0_ dependencies at that level.
> An set-but-empty `dependencyLevels` object means that the artifact has **no**
> dependency at all, while an unset or null `dependencyLevels` means that the
> verifier makes no claims about the artifact's dependencies.
```

Minor wording suggestion.

>
> Users MUST count each dependency only once per SLSA track, at the highest
> level verified. For example, if a dependency meets `SLSA_BUILD_LEVEL_2`,
> you include it with the count for `SLSA_BUILD_LEVEL_2` but not the count for

> > the other `SLSA_BUILD` levels.

Reviewer: I find this change to be less readable. What was the motivation? L1 is the only level below L2, so it seemed clear to me that this was explaining that if it's L2, you don't also report it at L1.

Author: Oh good point, I think I overlooked that this is already in the context of "for example". :P

</div>

The result of evaluating an artifact (or set of artifacts) against SLSA.

> SHOULD contain one value per SLSA track:

Reviewer: This looks like a mistaken content change. This PR is just supposed to change formatting and minor wording changes. However, this change affects the schema, but also doesn't work. The field is a scalar String, but the new wording suggest it's a collection of strings.

Author: Oh right I think I got confused. WDYT I revise the description to clarify that the `SlsaResult` is a scalar that comprises values from multiple tracks (currently there are two: the "SLSA BUILD" track and "policy evaluation failure" track) This is to lead to the upcoming removal of the "policy evaluation failure" track values in v1.1.

Reviewer: I think it's still worse than before. Frankly, this particular field needs to be redesigned in the next version. I don't think we should bother trying to fix the v1.0 wording. Instead, we should put effort towards figuring out what a better API is. So I would revert this part of the change (in v1.0 and v1.1) and leave that to a separate PR.

Author: Sounds good.
